it's another gang and they're too close
for comfort
and this time it's not the stripes as
they size each other up it becomes clear
that the rival gang is not banking off
who are these troublemakers this
particular group of Mongoose
are the ground crew and they're on their
home turf every Mongoose family on the
peninsula has a story to tell and this
lock and no exception these chances were
once part of the banded mob but years
back after an episode of violence they
splintered off over time they formed
their own imposing posse
so when the ground crew and the banded
brothers meet the terms are by no means
friendly no one wants to make the first
move the ground crew appear confident
but the banded brothers have strength in
numbers suddenly the ground crew take
flight giving the bandage the chance to
move in within seconds the band of
brothers are gaining on their rivals but
the ground crew are a shifty Bunch and
soon give them the slip
undeterred the banded brothers haven't
come this far for nothing
now they have a chance to make this
territory there under the only way the
ground crew can hang on to their patch
is by making their den impenetrable the
banded brothers are too late for the
moment the ground crew are untouchable